>> Steve Kinney: The example I
just showed you is silly right?
Why would you ever do that, right?
If you wanted to respond on the page,
why wouldn't just respond with that page,
right?
The interesting part is like, okay,
a user made a request, figuring out what
exactly we wanna send them is where I
think things get a little bit interesting.
So we're gonna take a look
at an example together,
this one's called intercepting fetch.
And we'll,
>> Steve Kinney: This is
intercepting-fetch@glitch.me,
and we'll go ahead and,
>> Steve Kinney: Let
me biggerize everything for you,
that's a technical term, biggerize.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool.
>> Steve Kinney: If we go in here,
we take a look at the code,
we have a fetch event in here.
We have some URLs, and
these are mostly stored in
variables right now cuz
they're on Glitch's CDN.
But they're very long, and
you can assume that one is a URL
of a picture of the Beatles.
The other one is a URL of a picture
of Oasis, like same thing, right?
And we have this other remote image.
And you can see, in this fetch event,
we'll console log the request.
We'll say, hey, if the event's
request URL equals the Beatles,
if they're looking for
a picture of the Beatles.
In that case,
we will intercept the request and
we'll respond with sending a network
request to go get a picture of Oasis
instead and giving them that.
So if we go back over,
I do need to clear out this service work.
You can see that this
is a picture of Oasis.
>> Steve Kinney: If we go to the
index@html we are definitely asking for
a picture of the Beatles, right?
>> Steve Kinney: We
intercept with the request.
We said, I know what you asked for,
let me go get this other thing from
the network and give it to you.
If we threw in some different picture,
if we threw in,
>> Steve Kinney: A picture
of,
>> Steve Kinney: I can edit right now,
log in later.
If we place another image, well,
that wouldn't hit our IF statement, and
it would go through to the network.
But we have the ability to
write conditional logic.
Hey, if it has this very particular URL,
like they want a picture of the Beatles,
we're not giving a picture of the Beatles,
we're giving them a picture of Oasis,
right?
And you could write,
you have the full power of the JavaScript
programming language with you.
If you wanna say, if it contains the word
Beatles, guess what, and it is an image,
you're getting a picture of Oasis, right?
You can take the troll level very high
with this and write all this conditional
logic to check, but we can basically
take any request that comes through.
Either let it go through to the network
or, b, intercept it with something else.
Right now we are making a different
network request and we're
basically redirecting it and responding
with the thing that was redirected to.
In a little bit, we'll talk about,
hey, last time you were online or
when we load it,
we cached a bunch of things.
Well, let's try to do the request,
if we can't do the request,
here's a cached version, right?
We can write this logic that says, we want
the most recent image, but if we can't,
here's one that we already have, right?
And a bunch of different things,
there's a lot of strategies around this.
It's like, yeah, get me a thing, if I
can't get a thing, get the one from cache.
That is one of the very
straightforward use cases, right?
At one part we're gonna show
you all the different ways.
Depending on what you're
trying to build for
your app and depending on which
part of your application,
you want to use a different strategy and
we'll talk about that in a little bit.